-Window Titles | 1-18
Management of Locomotives
LOCOMOTIVE DATABASE
Local ID
Locomotive ID
Color
Name
ADD LOCOMOTIVE
REMOVE LOCOMOTIVE
EDIT LOCOMOTIVE
GENERAL STOP
Settings
Locomotive Creation
Locomotive Removal
Locomotive Deletion
Control Circuit/Auto Management
Information
RFID Settings
GENERAL START
-Error Messages | 20-41
You cannot open another page
the serial port COM 
is not available
You cannot add more locomotives
Incorrect input entered
You have exceeded the length/size limit
You cannot enter more than one locomotive with the same name or ID (max 
locomotives for this circuit)
ID and name do not match any registered locomotive
Invalid ID
Name or LocoID already entered
The system cannot manage more than
The path to the control unit port does not exist
The path to the RFID sensor port does not exist
Tag already inserted into the locomotive
Table empty, insert locomotives
Connect a camera
Before starting automatic mode, connect and enable the port related to the sensors
Decoding error. Make sure the device is sending data correctly.
Error opening serial port:
RESTART the algorithm
is disconnected
-Buttons | 43 - 56
Close
Save
Next
Go Back
Stop
Remove
Edit
Activate
Confirm
Add
VIDEO OFF
VIDEO ON
AUTOMATIC
MANUAL
Enable

-Warning or Information Messages | 60 - 68
Since the last ID has been entered, moving forward, you will start the circuit
Before proceeding, make sure you have only the locomotive you want to change the address on the tracks
To proceed, calibrate the RFID tags.
Pass the locomotive corresponding to the entered ID under the sensor corresponding to its ID
Press CONFIRM and repeat the procedure.
Are you sure you want to continue?
By proceeding, all additional windows compared to the main one will be closed.
To start the automatic circuit, you need to insert at least 2 locomotives.











-Labels | 80 - 97
Name
LocoID:
Color*:
ID:
Locomotive ID to edit:
New
Adjust speed:
Direction:
DCC Control Unit Serial Port Number:
RFID Sensor Serial Port Number:
Max number of locomotives:
Current Operating System:
Sensor ID to associate:
CIRCUIT AUTOMATIC CONTROL
CIRCUIT MANUAL CONTROL
RFID tag
Local ID
Turnout

Information | 100 - 122
What you can do with Train Track:
Locomotive Management
From here you can add locomotives to your system, by pressing the button or by pressing '+' (on the keyboard).
From the interface you can also modify 'm' (on the keyboard), delete '-', and control the locomotives you have added.
Main Buttons
With the red button or with the 'o' key (on the keyboard) you can turn on the power to the circuit, make sure EVERYTHING is connected correctly.
After adding locomotives to the table and turning on the power, you will be able to control the locomotives, either by pressing the button with the picture of a train, or by typing the number corresponding to the local ID of the locomotive. In case you have more than 9 locomotives, you will need to press 'Control-number', so for locomotive 15 'Control-5'.
With the general stop button or with the 'spacebar' key (on the keyboard) you can stop the system without cutting off the power.
With the gamepad button or with the 'c' key (on the keyboard) you can view the circuit drawing and switch the points in real time, they can be clicked on or you can click on the key corresponding to the point number (on the keyboard), this in MANUAL mode.
There is also the automatic version, by pressing the 'c' key again, which manages the system alone through the sensors, but at least 2 locomotives and up to 3 are needed.
From the settings or with the 's' key (on the keyboard) you can set the ports that will communicate with the Arduino systems.
This page can also be accessed by pressing the 'i' key (on the keyboard).
Up to 4 languages are available, all with their certified translations.
All pages can be closed with the 'esc' key, those that have the button to send the command, in case there are no errors, can also be closed with the 'enter' key.
General Information about the Application

Automatic Management System
On the main page you can see the passage of locomotives by the change of color of the sensors shown on the map.
It is also possible to use a camera if you want to connect the system remotely, just select the camera as the main one in the operating system. It will be activated by pressing the 'v' key or the 'VIDEO OFF' key.
RFID tag calibration of locomotives.
Approach the locomotive already inserted in the table, what is read by the sensors will be shown in the box above, then select the Local ID of that locomotive and confirm.
If you do not have at least 2 locomotives, the algorithm will not start, you can add them from the add button or with the '+' key.
Information about the automatic circuit



EN